README.md, before:

# fsdr-cli

A command line interface based on [FutureSDR](http://www.futuresdr.org) meant to be
* a line-for-line replacement of [csdr](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr) ([original](https://github.com/ha7ilm/csdr)),
* yet able to pack pipelined command in one unique-flowgraph,
* able to launch simple GNU Radio Companion flowgraph within FutureSDR runtime,
* a testing tool for [FutureSDR community blocks](https://github.com/FutureSDR/fsdr-blocks)

## WFM decoding

In the [csdr documentation about WFM demodulation](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#demodulate-wfm), one can find the following command line:
```bash
rtl_sdr -s 240000 -f 89500000 -g 20 - | csdr convert_u8_f | csdr fmdemod_quadri_cf | csdr fractional_decimator_ff 5 | csdr deemphasis_wfm_ff 48000 50e-6 | csdr convert_f_s16 | mplayer -cache 1024 -quiet -rawaudio samplesize=2:channels=1:rate=48000 -demuxer rawaudio -
```

Does it works with `fsdr-cli`? For sure! Just replace every `csdr` with `fsdr-cli`:
```bash
rtl_sdr -s 240000 -f 89500000 -g 20 - | fsdr-cli convert_u8_f | fsdr-cli fmdemod_quadri_cf | fsdr-cli fractional_decimator_ff 5 | fsdr-cli deemphasis_wfm_ff 48000 50e-6 | fsdr-cli convert_f_s16 | mplayer -cache 1024 -quiet -rawaudio samplesize=2:channels=1:rate=48000 -demuxer rawaudio -
```

But is it the most efficient way? No. One can benefit from FutureSDR efficient scheduling. You just need to transform it as such:

```bash
rtl_sdr -s 240000 -f 89500000 -g 20 - | fsdr-cli csdr convert_u8_f \| convert_ff_c \| fmdemod_quadri_cf \| fractional_decimator_ff 5 \| deemphasis_wfm_ff 48000 50e-6 \| convert_f_s16 | mplayer -cache 1024 -quiet -rawaudio samplesize=2:channels=1:rate=48000 -demuxer rawaudio -
```

Bascially, it is just a matter of escaping pipe `|` so that your shell does not interpret them, and asking `fsdr-cli` to interpret the command line as a multi-block of `csdr` command. There is also one newly inserted block `convert_ff_c` due to otherwise ill-typed workflow.

But maybe you are more used to [GNURadio](https://www.gnuradio.org/) and would have come with the following workflow [chain1.grc](tests/chain1.grc):
![](chain1.png)

Well, it also works:

```bash
fsdr-cli grc tests/chain1.grc
```

All would run fine (even keeping the blocks' name):

```
$ ./target/release/fsdr-cli grc tests/chain1.grc 
$ ./target/debug/fsdr-cli grc tests/chain1.grc 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - in run_flowgraph
FutureSDR: DEBUG - Listening on 127.0.0.1:1337
FutureSDR: DEBUG - connect stream io
FutureSDR: DEBUG - connect message io
FutureSDR: DEBUG - init blocks
FutureSDR: DEBUG - wait for blocks init
FutureSDR: DEBUG - running blocks
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_file_source_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_char_to_float_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_deinterleave_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_float_to_complex_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - analog_quadrature_demod_cf_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - rational_resampler_xxx_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - analog_fm_deemph_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_float_to_short_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_file_sink_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_throttle_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - audio_sink_0 terminating
```

## TODO

So much more to experiment with! [Just come to help](CONTRIBUTING.md). ;-

### csdr retrocompatibility

- [x] [realpart_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#realpart_cf)[^4]
- [x] [clipdetect_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#clipdetect_ff)
- [x] [limit_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#limit_ff)[^2][^3][^4]
- [ ] [gain_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#gain_ff)
- [ ] [clone](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#clone)
- [ ] [through](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#through)
- [ ] [none](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#none)
- [ ] [yes_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#yes_f)
- [ ] [detect_nan_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#detect_nan_ff)
- [x] [dump_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dump_f)
- [x] [dump_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dump_u8)
- [ ] [flowcontrol](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#flowcontrol)
- [ ] [shift_math_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_math_cc)
- [x] [shift_addition_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addition_cc)[^2][^3][^4]
- [ ] [shift_addition_cc_test](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addition_cc_test)
- [ ] [shift_table_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_table_cc)
- [ ] [shift_addfast_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addfast_cc)
- [ ] [shift_unroll_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_unroll_cc)
- [ ] [decimating_shift_addition_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#decimating_shift_addition_cc)
- [ ] [shift_addition_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addition_fc)
- [ ] [dcblock_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dcblock_ff)
- [x] [fastdcblock_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fastdcblock_ff)[^3]
- [ ] [fmdemod_atan_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmdemod_atan_cf)
- [x] [fmdemod_quadri_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmdemod_quadri_cf)[^1]
- [ ] [fmdemod_quadri_novect_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmdemod_quadri_novect_cf)
- [x] [deemphasis_wfm_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#deemphasis_wfm_ff)[^1]
- [x] [deemphasis_nfm_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#deemphasis_nfm_ff)[^2]
- [x] [amdemod_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#amdemod_cf)[^3]
- [ ] [amdemod_estimator_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#amdemod_estimator_cf)
- [ ] [firdes_lowpass_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_lowpass_f)
- [ ] [firdes_bandpass_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_bandpass_c)
- [x] [fir_decimate_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fir_decimate_cc)[^2][^3][^4]
- [ ] [fir_interpolate_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fir_interpolate_cc)
- [ ] [rational_resampler_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#rational_resampler_ff)
- [x] [fractional_decimator_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fractional_decimator_ff)[^1]
- [ ] [old_fractional_decimator_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#old_fractional_decimator_ff)
- [ ] [bandpass_fir_fft_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#bandpass_fir_fft_cc)[^4]
- [x] [agc_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#agc_ff)[^3][^4]
- [ ] [fastagc_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fastagc_ff)[^2]
- [ ] [fft_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_cc)
- [ ] [fft_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_fc)
- [ ] [fft_benchmark](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_benchmark)
- [ ] [logpower_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#logpower_cf)
- [ ] [encode_ima_adpcm_i16_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#encode_ima_adpcm_i16_u8)
- [ ] [decode_ima_adpcm_u8_i16](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#decode_ima_adpcm_u8_i16)
- [ ] [compress_fft_adpcm_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#compress_fft_adpcm_f_u8)
- [ ] [fft_exchange_sides_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_exchange_sides_ff)
- [ ] [dsb_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dsb_fc)
- [ ] [add_dcoffset_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#add_dcoffset_cc)
- [ ] [convert_f_samplerf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#convert_f_samplerf)
- [ ] [fmmod_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmmod_fc)
- [ ] [fixed_amplitude_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fixed_amplitude_cc)
- [ ] [mono2stereo_s16](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#mono2stereo_s16)
- [ ] [setbuf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#setbuf)
- [ ] [fifo](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fifo)
- [ ] [psk31_varicode_encoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk31_varicode_encoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [repeat_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#repeat_u8)
- [ ] [uniform_noise_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#uniform_noise_f)
- [ ] [gaussian_noise_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#gaussian_noise_c)
- [ ] [pack_bits_8to1_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pack_bits_8to1_u8_u8)
- [ ] [pack_bits_1to8_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pack_bits_1to8_u8_u8)
- [ ] [awgn_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#awgn_cc)
- [ ] [add_n_zero_samples_at_beginning_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#add_n_zero_samples_at_beginning_f)
- [ ] [fft_one_side_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_one_side_ff)
- [ ] [logaveragepower_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#logaveragepower_cf)
- [ ] [mono2stereo_s16](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#mono2stereo_s16)
- [ ] [psk31_varicode_decoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk31_varicode_decoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [_fft2octave](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#_fft2octave)
- [ ] [invert_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#invert_u8_u8)
- [ ] [rtty_baudot2ascii_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#rtty_baudot2ascii_u8_u8)
- [ ] [binary_slicer_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#binary_slicer_f_u8)
- [ ] [serial_line_decoder_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#serial_line_decoder_f_u8)
- [ ] [pll_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pll_cc)
- [ ] [timing_recovery_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#timing_recovery_cc)
- [x] [octave_complex_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#octave_complex_c)
- [ ] [psk_modulator_u8_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk_modulator_u8_c)
- [ ] [duplicate_samples_ntimes_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#duplicate_samples_ntimes_u8_u8)
- [ ] [psk31_interpolate_sine_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk31_interpolate_sine_cc)
- [ ] [differential_encoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#differential_encoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [differential_decoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#differential_decoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [bpsk_costas_loop_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#bpsk_costas_loop_cc)
- [ ] [simple_agc_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#simple_agc_cc)
- [ ] [peaks_fir_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#peaks_fir_cc)
- [ ] [firdes_peak_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_peak_c)
- [ ] [normalized_timing_variance_u32_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#normalized_timing_variance_u32_f)
- [ ] [pulse_shaping_filter_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pulse_shaping_filter_cc)
- [ ] [firdes_pulse_shaping_filter_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_pulse_shaping_filter_f)
- [ ] [generic_slicer_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#generic_slicer_f_u8)
- [ ] [plain_interpolate_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#plain_interpolate_cc)
- [ ] [dbpsk_decoder_c_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dbpsk_decoder_c_u8)
- [ ] [bfsk_demod_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#bfsk_demod_cf)
- [ ] [add_const_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#add_const_cc)
- [ ] [pattern_search_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pattern_search_u8_u8)
- [ ] [tee](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#tee)
- [ ] [?](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#search_the_function_list)

[^1]: Used in simple WFM demodulation
[^2]: Used in NFM demodulation
[^3]: Used in AM demodulation
[^4]: Used in SSB demodulation

Commit message:

feat(csdr): load_xx
Use a file as a source: load_f, load_u8, load_c.

README.md, after:

# fsdr-cli

A command line interface based on [FutureSDR](http://www.futuresdr.org) meant to be
* a line-for-line replacement of [csdr](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr) ([original](https://github.com/ha7ilm/csdr)),
* yet able to pack pipelined command in one unique-flowgraph,
* with new commands and expression evaluation,
* able to launch simple GNU Radio Companion flowgraph within FutureSDR runtime,
* a testing tool for [FutureSDR community blocks](https://github.com/FutureSDR/fsdr-blocks)

## WFM decoding

In the [csdr documentation about WFM demodulation](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#demodulate-wfm), one can find the following command line:
```bash
rtl_sdr -s 240000 -f 89500000 -g 20 - | csdr convert_u8_f | csdr fmdemod_quadri_cf | csdr fractional_decimator_ff 5 | csdr deemphasis_wfm_ff 48000 50e-6 | csdr convert_f_s16 | mplayer -cache 1024 -quiet -rawaudio samplesize=2:channels=1:rate=48000 -demuxer rawaudio -
```

Does it works with `fsdr-cli`? For sure! Just replace every `csdr` with `fsdr-cli`:
```bash
rtl_sdr -s 240000 -f 89500000 -g 20 - | fsdr-cli convert_u8_f | fsdr-cli fmdemod_quadri_cf | fsdr-cli fractional_decimator_ff 5 | fsdr-cli deemphasis_wfm_ff 48000 50e-6 | fsdr-cli convert_f_s16 | mplayer -cache 1024 -quiet -rawaudio samplesize=2:channels=1:rate=48000 -demuxer rawaudio -
```

But is it the most efficient way? No. One can benefit from FutureSDR efficient scheduling. You just need to transform it as such:

```bash
rtl_sdr -s 240000 -f 89500000 -g 20 - | fsdr-cli csdr convert_u8_f ! convert_ff_c ! fmdemod_quadri_cf ! fractional_decimator_ff 5 ! deemphasis_wfm_ff 48000 50e-6 ! convert_f_s16 | mplayer -cache 1024 -quiet -rawaudio samplesize=2:channels=1:rate=48000 -demuxer rawaudio -
```

Bascially, it is just a matter of replacing pipe `|` with `!` (escaping pipeline `\|` is also working) so that your shell does not interpret them, and asking `fsdr-cli` to interpret the command line as a multi-block of `csdr` command. There is also one newly inserted block `convert_ff_c` due to otherwise ill-typed workflow.

But maybe you are more used to [GNURadio](https://www.gnuradio.org/) and would have come with the following workflow [chain1.grc](tests/chain1.grc):
![](chain1.png)

Well, it also works:

```bash
fsdr-cli grc tests/chain1.grc
```

All would run fine (even keeping the blocks' name):

```
$ ./target/release/fsdr-cli grc tests/chain1.grc 
$ ./target/debug/fsdr-cli grc tests/chain1.grc 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - in run_flowgraph
FutureSDR: DEBUG - Listening on 127.0.0.1:1337
FutureSDR: DEBUG - connect stream io
FutureSDR: DEBUG - connect message io
FutureSDR: DEBUG - init blocks
FutureSDR: DEBUG - wait for blocks init
FutureSDR: DEBUG - running blocks
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_file_source_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_char_to_float_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_deinterleave_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_float_to_complex_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - analog_quadrature_demod_cf_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - rational_resampler_xxx_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - analog_fm_deemph_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_float_to_short_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_file_sink_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - blocks_throttle_0 terminating 
FutureSDR: DEBUG - audio_sink_0 terminating
```

## additional commands

### load_XX

Syntax:
```bash
load_u8 filename
load_f filename
load_c filename
```

Use the file as input.

## TODO

So much more to experiment with! [Just come to help](CONTRIBUTING.md). ;-

### csdr retrocompatibility

- [x] [realpart_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#realpart_cf)[^4]
- [x] [clipdetect_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#clipdetect_ff)
- [x] [limit_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#limit_ff)[^2][^3][^4]
- [ ] [gain_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#gain_ff)
- [ ] [clone](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#clone)
- [ ] [through](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#through)
- [ ] [none](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#none)
- [ ] [yes_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#yes_f)
- [ ] [detect_nan_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#detect_nan_ff)
- [x] [dump_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dump_f)
- [x] [dump_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dump_u8)
- [ ] [flowcontrol](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#flowcontrol)
- [ ] [shift_math_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_math_cc)
- [x] [shift_addition_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addition_cc)[^2][^3][^4]
- [ ] [shift_addition_cc_test](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addition_cc_test)
- [ ] [shift_table_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_table_cc)
- [ ] [shift_addfast_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addfast_cc)
- [ ] [shift_unroll_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_unroll_cc)
- [ ] [decimating_shift_addition_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#decimating_shift_addition_cc)
- [ ] [shift_addition_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#shift_addition_fc)
- [ ] [dcblock_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dcblock_ff)
- [x] [fastdcblock_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fastdcblock_ff)[^3]
- [ ] [fmdemod_atan_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmdemod_atan_cf)
- [x] [fmdemod_quadri_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmdemod_quadri_cf)[^1]
- [ ] [fmdemod_quadri_novect_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmdemod_quadri_novect_cf)
- [x] [deemphasis_wfm_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#deemphasis_wfm_ff)[^1]
- [x] [deemphasis_nfm_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#deemphasis_nfm_ff)[^2]
- [x] [amdemod_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#amdemod_cf)[^3]
- [ ] [amdemod_estimator_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#amdemod_estimator_cf)
- [ ] [firdes_lowpass_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_lowpass_f)
- [ ] [firdes_bandpass_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_bandpass_c)
- [x] [fir_decimate_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fir_decimate_cc)[^2][^3][^4]
- [ ] [fir_interpolate_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fir_interpolate_cc)
- [ ] [rational_resampler_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#rational_resampler_ff)
- [x] [fractional_decimator_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fractional_decimator_ff)[^1]
- [ ] [old_fractional_decimator_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#old_fractional_decimator_ff)
- [ ] [bandpass_fir_fft_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#bandpass_fir_fft_cc)[^4]
- [x] [agc_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#agc_ff)[^3][^4]
- [ ] [fastagc_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fastagc_ff)[^2]
- [ ] [fft_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_cc)
- [ ] [fft_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_fc)
- [ ] [fft_benchmark](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_benchmark)
- [ ] [logpower_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#logpower_cf)
- [ ] [encode_ima_adpcm_i16_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#encode_ima_adpcm_i16_u8)
- [ ] [decode_ima_adpcm_u8_i16](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#decode_ima_adpcm_u8_i16)
- [ ] [compress_fft_adpcm_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#compress_fft_adpcm_f_u8)
- [ ] [fft_exchange_sides_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_exchange_sides_ff)
- [ ] [dsb_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dsb_fc)
- [ ] [add_dcoffset_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#add_dcoffset_cc)
- [ ] [convert_f_samplerf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#convert_f_samplerf)
- [ ] [fmmod_fc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fmmod_fc)
- [ ] [fixed_amplitude_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fixed_amplitude_cc)
- [ ] [mono2stereo_s16](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#mono2stereo_s16)
- [ ] [setbuf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#setbuf)
- [ ] [fifo](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fifo)
- [ ] [psk31_varicode_encoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk31_varicode_encoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [repeat_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#repeat_u8)
- [ ] [uniform_noise_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#uniform_noise_f)
- [ ] [gaussian_noise_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#gaussian_noise_c)
- [ ] [pack_bits_8to1_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pack_bits_8to1_u8_u8)
- [ ] [pack_bits_1to8_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pack_bits_1to8_u8_u8)
- [ ] [awgn_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#awgn_cc)
- [ ] [add_n_zero_samples_at_beginning_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#add_n_zero_samples_at_beginning_f)
- [ ] [fft_one_side_ff](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#fft_one_side_ff)
- [ ] [logaveragepower_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#logaveragepower_cf)
- [ ] [mono2stereo_s16](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#mono2stereo_s16)
- [ ] [psk31_varicode_decoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk31_varicode_decoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [_fft2octave](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#_fft2octave)
- [ ] [invert_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#invert_u8_u8)
- [ ] [rtty_baudot2ascii_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#rtty_baudot2ascii_u8_u8)
- [ ] [binary_slicer_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#binary_slicer_f_u8)
- [ ] [serial_line_decoder_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#serial_line_decoder_f_u8)
- [ ] [pll_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pll_cc)
- [ ] [timing_recovery_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#timing_recovery_cc)
- [x] [octave_complex_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#octave_complex_c)
- [ ] [psk_modulator_u8_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk_modulator_u8_c)
- [ ] [duplicate_samples_ntimes_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#duplicate_samples_ntimes_u8_u8)
- [ ] [psk31_interpolate_sine_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#psk31_interpolate_sine_cc)
- [ ] [differential_encoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#differential_encoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [differential_decoder_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#differential_decoder_u8_u8)
- [ ] [bpsk_costas_loop_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#bpsk_costas_loop_cc)
- [ ] [simple_agc_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#simple_agc_cc)
- [ ] [peaks_fir_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#peaks_fir_cc)
- [ ] [firdes_peak_c](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_peak_c)
- [ ] [normalized_timing_variance_u32_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#normalized_timing_variance_u32_f)
- [ ] [pulse_shaping_filter_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pulse_shaping_filter_cc)
- [ ] [firdes_pulse_shaping_filter_f](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#firdes_pulse_shaping_filter_f)
- [ ] [generic_slicer_f_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#generic_slicer_f_u8)
- [ ] [plain_interpolate_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#plain_interpolate_cc)
- [ ] [dbpsk_decoder_c_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#dbpsk_decoder_c_u8)
- [ ] [bfsk_demod_cf](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#bfsk_demod_cf)
- [ ] [add_const_cc](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#add_const_cc)
- [ ] [pattern_search_u8_u8](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#pattern_search_u8_u8)
- [ ] [tee](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#tee)
- [ ] [?](https://github.com/jketterl/csdr#search_the_function_list)

[^1]: Used in simple WFM demodulation
[^2]: Used in NFM demodulation
[^3]: Used in AM demodulation
[^4]: Used in SSB demodulation
